feat(example): add example (#32)
cryptape/overlord: README.md

### Example

We simulated a salon scene to show an example of using overlord.

A distributed system for reaching a consensus on the content of a speech is realized by simulating the dialogue between speakers through the communication between threads.

> Users can run example by `cargo run -- example salon`, and the system will output the agreed speech content in turn.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the example by `cargo run --example salon`, and the system will output the agreed speech content in turn. Click [here](./examples/salon.rs) to see the detail.
```
